[skip circleci] Update release instructions (#2384)
haskell/haskell-language-server: docs/contributing/releases.md

- [ ] create a prerelease tag `${version}-check-gitlab` and push it to the [project repo in gitlab](https://gitlab.haskell.org/haskell/haskell-language-server) to check the build is fine
### github release

- [ ] generate the list of pull requests finished since the last release using the [haskell script](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/blob/master/GenChangelogs.hs) in the project root.
  Nix users should run command `gen-hls-changelogs` (a wrapper of the script) in nix-shell instead.
- [ ] add that list to the actual [Changelog](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/blob/master/ChangeLog.md) with a description of the release.
- [ ] bump up versions of changed packages. All are optional but [haskell-language-server itself](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/blob/master/haskell-language-server.cabal).
- [ ] create the tag and make an initial prerelease to trigger the ci workflow (see details below)
- [ ] contact ghcup team (#haskell-ghcup irc channel or via its [repo](https://gitlab.haskell.org/haskell/ghcup-hs/-/issues)) to try to sync our release and its inclusion in ghcup

> - [ ] check uploaded binaries (see windows note below) and the release description (usually the changelog entry) and uncheck the prerelease box

Reviewer: which uploaded binaries? where are they? I guess they were generated somewhere based on the previous workflows?

> - [ ] check uploaded binaries (see windows note below) and the release description (usually the changelog entry) and uncheck the prerelease box

Author: maybe it is a little bit clearer with

```suggestion
- [ ] in the github release edit page, check the attached binaries and the release description (usually the changelog entry) and uncheck the prerelease box
```

- [ ] make public the release in the usual social channels (not required but useful to spread the word :slightly_smiling_face:):
  - [ ] irc
  - [ ] matrix
  - [ ] twitter
  - [ ] discord
  - [ ] discourse
  - [ ] reddit
### hackage release

> - [ ] bump up package versions following the [pvp specification](https://pvp.haskell.org/) if they are not already updated. You could use [policeman](https://github.com/kowainik/policeman) to help with this step.

Reviewer: how is this different to the previous verison-bumping step on line 29? should there just be one version-bumping step done before any releasing?

Author: The difference is in the `All are optional but haskell-language-server itself` part. For hackage bump up versions following pvp is mandatory. For the github release you only need to bump up hls itself.
At the beginning we did not have the github and hackage release in sync and we only bumped up plugin and package versions in a systematic way for the hackage one. In last releases i bumped up versions before start the release engine.

We aim to do hackage releases following the github ones described above.
To help in that job we have added a [github workflow](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/blob/master/.github/workflows/hackage.yml)

That script checks, generates the tar.gz files, unpacks and builds them in isolation
against hackage head if the package version in the branch is different from hackage.
If the package in the branch has the same version as the released one, it will check
the relevant files have not changed and will throw an error otherwise.

> You can trigger a build only doing the above step pushing a branch named `*-check-hackage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can trigger a build which only does the above step by pushing a branch named `${version}-check-hackage`.
```

The script will upload the tarballs as candidates, maintainers will have to check and publish them definitely.

## haskell gitlab release pipeline

The project is present in the haskell gitlab server: https://gitlab.haskell.org/haskell/haskell-language-server

> The main motivation is leverage the ci infrastructure which includes architectures not included in the github ci.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main motivation is to leverage the ci infrastructure which includes architectures not included in the github ci.
```
